Added test documentation rst page (#465)
lsst-dm/dm_dev_guide: project-docs/test-documentation.rst

##################
Test Documentation
##################

Verification and Validation activities require a huge amount of work in terms of documentation.

> Often this documentation work is given a lower priority, compromising in this way the visibily of the V&V actvities.
> 
> The introduction of the Test Manager 4 Jira plugin (TM4J), helps the test team in overcome this problem.
> This, combined with the programmatic extraction usinf docsteady, brings also additional benefits:
> 
> - Test information becomes much more accesible
> - Traceability between test objects and with upstream requirements
> - Facilitate reusability of test procedures
> - The test teams remains more focused on the scienfic aspect of the tests
> - Ensure homogeneity in the approach
> 
> However, in order to make this possible, it is important to follow a well organized approach to the V&V activities. 
> 
> You can get a global overview of the process in ths `SPIE paper`_ presented in December 2020.
> The `DM Test Approach`_ Confluence page instead, provides more practical informations including details on how to create each TM4J object, how they are related each other, and how to fill in the right information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Often this documentation work is given a lower priority, enabled by reduced visibility of V&V activities.

The introduction of the Test Manager For Jira plugin (TM4J) helps the test team to overcome this problem.
This plugin, combined with the programmatic extraction of test data using the docsteady document generation tool, brings additional benefits:

- Test information becomes much more accessible
- Traceability is established between test objects and with upstream requirements
- Reusability of test procedures is facilitated
- The test teams can focus more on the scientific aspects of the tests
- Homogeneity in the approach is ensured

However, in order to make this possible, it is important to follow a well-organized approach to the V&V activities. 

You can get a global overview of the process in ths `SPIE paper`_ presented in December 2020.
The `DM Test Approach`_ Confluence page provides more practical information including details on how to create each TM4J object, how they are related to each other, and how to fill in the right information.
Detailed procedures for document generation are given in `a companion document to DMTN-140`_.

.. _a companion document to DMTN-140: https://dmtn-140.lsst.io/howto.pdf
```
